Browser Agent v1.255.0 Release Notes (#16799)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/new-relic-browser-release-notes/browser-agent-release-notes/browser-agent-v1.255.0.mdx

---
subject: Browser agent
releaseDate: "2024-04-04"
version: 1.255.0
features: ["Adjust SR Timestamps to NR Server Time","Send CLS as timing node additionally","Update agent to use new relic server time","Switch web vitals library to attribution build"]
bugs: []
security: []
---

## v1.255.0

### Features

> #### Adjust SR Timestamps to NR Server Time
> Adjust all timestamps sent as Session Replay event nodes to represent NR Server Time for accuracy in querying against adjacent but separate events in the timeline such as errors, page views, and interactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Adjust session replay timestamps to New Relic server time

Adjust all timestamps sent as session replay event nodes to represent New Relic server time for accuracy in querying against adjacent but separate events in the timeline such as errors, page views, and interactions.
```

> #### Send CLS as timing node additionally
> `cumulativeLayoutShift` can now be queried for (with that as its `timingName`) as its own PageViewTiming event in New Relic. The additional attribution are a part of these events, and the values are more reflective of true end-session CLS scores.
> 
> #### Update agent to use new relic server time
> Update the agent to use New Relic server time as the timestamp for harvested page action and error data.
> 
> #### Switch web vitals library to attribution build
> Report extra attributes for each vital using web vital library's attribution build.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Send CLS as timing node additionally

`cumulativeLayoutShift` can now be queried for (with that as its `timingName`) as its own `PageViewTiming` event in New Relic. The additional attribution are a part of these events, and the values are more reflective of true end-session CLS scores.

#### Update agent to use new relic server time

Update the agent to use New Relic server time as the timestamp for harvested page action and error data.

#### Switch web vitals library to attribution build

Report extra attributes for each vital using web vital library's attribution build.

```
